Retail and SLE15 Images update (#303)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/retail/pages/retail-formulas-intro.adoc

When you have made changes to your formula, ensure you apply the highstate.
The highstate propagates your changes to the appropriate services.

> == Partitioning and image deployment formula

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Partitioning and Image Deployment Formula
```

> Partitioning and what image should be deployed is specified in Saltboot formula, see xref:salt:formula-saltboot.adoc[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Saltboot formula to specify disk partitioning, and to select which image should be deployed.
For more information about the Saltboot formula, see xref:salt:formula-saltboot.adoc[].
```
